01):-   What do you understand by DataBase?
Ans):-  A database is information that is set up for easy access, management and updating.
	Computer databases typically store aggregations of data records or files that contain information, 
	such as sales transactions, customer data, financials and product information.
	
	Database is the collection of data to access,manage,organise electricaly from in the file systems 
	known as the database.

02):-   What is Normalization?
Ans):-  Normalization is the process of elemeneting the redundancy,duplication,inconsitancy 
	of the table form elemeting columns.
	
	Normalization is the process to eliminate data redundancy and enhance data integrity in the table.
	Normalization also helps to organize the data in the database. 
	It is a multi-step process that sets the data into tabular form and removes the duplicated data from the relational tables.

03):-   What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?
Ans):-  < DBMS >
	Database Management System (DBMS) is software used to identify, manage, and create a database that 
	provides administered access to the data.
	i>  Data stored is in the file format
	ii> Individual access of data elements
	iii>DBMS supports a single user
	iv> Data redundancy is common

	< RDBMS >
	Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) is a more advanced version of a DBMS system that allows access to data 
	in a more efficient way. It is used to store or manage only the data that are in the form of tables
	i>   Data stored is in table format.
	ii>  Multiple data elements are accessible together.
	iii> RDBMS support multiple users.
	iv>  Here, redundancy of data is reduced with the help of key and indexes in RDBMS.

04):-   What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?
Ans):-  A relational database management system must manage its stored data using only its relational capabilities.
        Codd's twelve rules are a set of thirteen rules (numbered zero to twelve) proposed by Edgar F. Codd, 
	a pioneer of the relational model for databases, designed to define what is required from a database management 
	system in order for it to be considered relational, i.e., a relational database management system (RDBMS).



05):-   What do you understand By Data Redundancy?
Ans):-  Redundancy of Data: Redundancy of data is when the same data has multiple copies across the database or has data which
	is outdated despite being updated. This issue can be frequently seen in the file system.

06):-   What is DDL Interpreter?
Ans):-  DDL is short name of Data Definition Language, which deals with database schemas and descriptions, 
	of how the data should reside in the database.

07):-   What is DML Compiler in SQL?
Ans):-  DML is short name of Data Manipulation Language which deals with data manipulation and includes most common SQL statements 
	such SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, etc., and it is used to store, modify, retrieve, delete and update data in a database.
	SELECT - retrieve data from a database
	INSERT - insert data into a table
	UPDATE - updates existing data within a table
	DELETE - Delete all records from a database table

08):-   SQL - stand for the structure query language  
    	- can store,retrive,and manipulate the data in to the database
    	- can execute queries against a database
	Primary key - unique not null 
	Default     - Set Default value
	UNIQUE      - Not Duplicate
	Check       - validate the column
	NOT NULL    - coulumn cant be null
	FORIEGN     - refert the primary key of the other table

09):-   Savepoint is a command in SQL that is used with the rollback command.
	A save point is a logical rollback point within a transaction. When you set a save point, 
	whenever an error occurs past a save point, you can undo the events you have done up to the save point using the rollback.

10):-   What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?
Ans):-  A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server.
	Trigger is the same as the procedure
	A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server. 
	Type Trigger
	1>After Insert
	2>After Update
	3>After Delete
	4>Before INsert
	5>Before Update
	6>Before Delete


	CREATE TABLE db_country(
	id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
	username varchar(50),
	name varchar(50)
	);

	CREATE TABLE db_country_log(
	id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
	name varchar(50),
	username varchar(50),
	insertedtime time
	);